hi I'm mr. Yorkie lover yeah yeah I know
I York is a dog and well I'm a cat trust
me I get teased about it all the time
but i am mr. Yorkie lover today we're
going to talk about fat the good and the
bad and the six different types of it
fat is one of the three major nutrients
that the body requires for proper
function it pushes the organs provides
insulation and fuel for the body and is
involved in many of the reactions that
make the body work so eliminating it
from your diet isn't the smartest
strategy instead focus on the six fat
for a sitter better functioning physique
the first and EPA and DHA omega-3 fatty
acids the benefits of these fats can be
chalked up to strong anti-inflammatory
powers studies show that DHA and EPA can
improve muscular strength and create
muscle protein synthesis and encourage
fat burning for optimal health and
fitness games the ideal dose could be up
to an average of a thousand milligrams
daily of the DHA and EPA combined which
you can get from fish or supplements the
next fat we are going to talk about is
conjugated linoleic acid studies have
found that PLA can improve exercise
endurance by increasing the burning of
fat to generate energy during activity
you can get CLA from meat and dairy
products but to utilize the fat burning
benefits it is recommended that you get
the CLA through supplementation 1 2 3
grams of CLA twice a day the next fat we
are going to talk about is model
saturated fat a model saturated fat rich
diet to reduce the glycemic load of the
diet which can reduce the risk of
diabetes and fat gain by improving blood
sugar numbers ideally you want fifteen
to twenty percent of your daily calories
to come from mono saturated fats the
best dietary sources include next page
avocados and various oils like olive
avocado and almond the next fat we are
going to talk about is alpha linolenic
acid which can help protect us against
the biggest killer america heart disease
you can get this from foods like flax
seed hemp seed chia seed walnuts and
canola oil if you're looking to tighten
up your midsection then you will love
medium chain triglycerides or mct oil
because if a tab life is differently in
another fat which can lead to a
reduction of fat storage in the body
those who consume mct oil on a regular
basis lose more body weight and fat mass
and those who don't you can get em PT
oils from coconut oil and red palm oil
the last of the fat is saturated fat so
it continues to be castigated at a
health hazard the rowdy is that we all
need some saturated fat in our diet for
good health it's a major player in the
production of sex hormones meaning it's
required to keep testosterone levels up
you should take in eight to ten percent
of total calories from saturated fat
daily in your diet to maintain a healthy
level
now that I've taught you about the fish
important fact to get in your diet make
sure you are incorporating them so that
you can achieve maximum health and
fitness and this is miss your cue lover
saying goodbye
you